have you
weighing at 253 pound six three you have
Wayne got a big 207 pounds only five
turn you have apathy
I don't know you guys ready already hi
guys I'm with my mullet I live win that
one that but you know I you can have it
but yo check it out all right first of
all to be clear to some people assume
I'm like extremely short because he's
told it next to me
but he's actually tall right he's like
6-3 6-4 how you know so I'm not a midget
okay just wanna clean it up
second of all I want to thank Shara for
joining me to my video had our muscle
real quick next person next time we'll
get it no rematch I'll let you go to gym
a little more
I'll see you all my two years all right
Cheers
he's gonna be buff but go ahead and
subscribe to his channel I'll put a link
in description below and also I'll put
in link on the screen so thank you guys
appreciate all the sweat anything you
want to say before we go no all right
guys light comes the scribe has been
your boy apathy and now oh so when I
talk to you guys about a couple things
now a lot of you know that sensor and
yes sensor won't be able to play it for
pretty much the whole month no lion
tournaments now 2k is no 5k is only
matches which pretty much leaves us
screwed now was this fair visiting this
dedicated to my baby boo to you he posed
for me let me look